Azure sentinel assignement options (#31065)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/Integrations/AzureSentinel/README.md

| AzureSentinel.Incident.Status | String | The incident status. | 
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeName | String | The name of the incident assignee. | 
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeEmail | String | The email address of the incident assignee. | 

> | AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeObjectID | String | The objectId of the incident assignee. | 
> | AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeUPN | String | The userprincipalname of the incident assignee. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeObjectID | String | The object ID of the incident assignee. | 
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeUPN | String | The user principal name of the incident assignee. | 
```

| AzureSentinel.Incident.Status | String | The incident status. | 
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeName | String | The name of the incident assignee. | 
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeEmail | String | The email address of the incident assignee. | 

> | AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeObjectID | String | The objectId of the incident assignee. | 
> | AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeUPN | String | The userprincipalname of the incident assignee. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeObjectID | String | The object ID of the incident assignee. | 
| AzureSentinel.Incident.AssigneeUPN | String | The user principal name of the incident assignee. | 
```
